Harriman state park
Zip Code: NY 10974

Appalachian Trail
The Appalachian Trail is a 2,180+ mile long public footpath that traverses the scenic, wooded, pastoral, wild, and culturally resonant lands of the Appalachian Mountains. Conceived in 1921, built by private citizens, and completed in 1937, today the trail is managed by the National Park Service, US Forest Service, Appalachian Trail Conservancy, numerous state agencies and thousands of volunteers. A portion of the Appalachian Trail runs through Harriman State Park.

Perkins Memorial Observatory




Fahnestock state park
Zip Code: NY 10512


Taconic Outdoor Education Center
The Taconic Outdoor Education Center (TOEC) supports a variety of year-round day and overnight educational, team building and business programs. TOEC welcomes all visitors, including colleges, elementary to high schools, scout troops, youth groups and clubs. Highland Lodge, with a wood-burning stone fireplace, colorful nature displays, comfortable woodland cabins, friendly service, excellent meals and knowledgeable educators is a perfect fit for these activities. Some visitors stay overnight, while others visit for a day. Center staff also visit schools and provide lessons in classrooms.     



Appalachian Trail
The Appalachian Trail is a 2,180+ mile long public footpath that traverses the scenic, wooded, pastoral, wild, and culturally resonant lands of the Appalachian Mountains. Conceived in 1921, built by private citizens, and completed in 1937, today the trail is managed by the National Park Service, US Forest Service, Appalachian Trail Conservancy, numerous state agencies and thousands of volunteers. A portion of the Appalachian Trail runs through Fahnestock State Park.



Bird Conservation Area
The Fahnestock BCA is located within Clarence Fahnestock Memorial State Park. The BCA is especially important because of its undisturbed stream valleys, lakes, and wetlands which provide food, shelter, and breeding sites for birds and other wildlife. Fahnestock BCA represents one of the largest areas of contiguous forest in the lower Hudson Valley, and thus provides significant stopover and breeding habitat for a diverse group of forest-dependent bird species. 



Fahnestock Winter Park
Contained within Clarence Fahnestock State Park is Fahnestock Winter Park, which is open from December through March, depending on conditions. The winter park offers sledding (tube only), cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, recreation programs and a nature trail. Equipment rental, lessons, and a food concession are available.